Oh
ah
what a load of garbage that was like now
people complain to me when I'm negative
about wins but wins that a blip are
genuinely going to be followed by
performances like today Santos
diabolical like there's a difference
between a football player and a clown
and he is on the wrong side of that he
is a clown he's just utter garbage I
don't understand Chamberlain and why
he's bad so much by Arsenal fans and why
he's like this next big thing when he's
had a maximum of two decent games at
Arsenal to maximum it's just not good
enough the players today were not
necessarily the strongest team I get
that fine but still the players need to
be putting in performances and they're
just not the performances are just so
bad and clownish and Goonish and you can
just go through the entire team and
think poor poor poor I could go and
coach them how to stop across get in
line with the ball and block it it's not
difficult and yet no one's telling them
stop the cross at source then you don't
have to worry about the fat per
mertesacker will get out run in the box
it's just not a worry because you
stopped it at source Santos wasn't doing
it and however good and much i enjoy
Jenkinson's play and the fact he was
playing instead of sonia which was a
positive he doesn't block him down
either stop the cross at the sauce and
you don't have to worry about it in the
middle it's not rocket science however
bad Aston where we're on the way to
Wembley potentially so a wins a win you
can't take much more than that and find
we move on to it Liverpool is massive if
we don't put in a decent performance and
a decent shift for 90 minutes we're in
trouble in the league so if there's
every time to try and pull it out the
bag Wednesday night is the time to pull
it out the bag and show that a couple of
wins isn't a blip because it the minute
on performance is it looks like a blip
it's not good enough again it's not good
enough but massive shout out to who did
we play today brighton hove albion
because the actual atmosphere was superb
like the atmosphere was brilliant really
enjoyed it good day out the seats were
padded which was a bonus and the
atmosphere like I said the best
atmosphere I think I've been to away
that season like genuinely it was that
good so 27,000 I think was their record
attendance so for them massive shout
because it really was a good atmosphere
good
a good day out and we got the win even
if the performance was garbage so put it
down below whether you think that we are
going to turn it around in terms of
performance for Liverpool because if we
play like that we will lose like there's
no to it will happen we will news if we
play like clowns so put down in the
clients how you think we're going to do
against Liverpool I think we're going to
struggle but I think we might just get
away with it with a 2-1 win but I want
to hear what you think down below and
also who you thought was the best player
from the game and who you thought was an
absolute clown Santos catch you later
thank you very much boom
my question and I just can't fathom it